README.md, before:

# RPG Sheet
Easy, browser character sheets.

## What is RPG Sheet?
RPG Sheet is a web-based tool for managing character sheets for role-playing games.

### Why use RPG Sheet over a form-fillable PDF or other tools?
I decided to make RPG Sheet, after DM'ing a game online. Sending PDF's back and forth with players ended up being a major headache. One PDF reader would format things one way, another reader would change font sizes, and there was no easy way to version control, to see changes. I wanted something that could easily be shared or tweaked without needing to open a PDF. All while still looking like an actual character sheet and be printable.

This tool is unique because it stores your sheet data in a text file as JSON. It is easily sharable, storable, portable, hackable, and should display the same on other people's machines.

RPG Sheet itself is also easy to modify. It is static HTML/CSS/JavaScript and images, including the sheets. You can modify or create your own sheet modules. It requires no special server configuration; just drop it into a web-server and go.

### What is the fine print?
- Probably only works in Chrome
- Not really "responsive"
- Might be prone to breakage

Commit message:

added in-progress warning to readme

README.md, after:

*This project is still a work-in-progress. It is not fully
functional yet and may be prone to some breakages.*

# RPG Sheet
Easy Character Sheets

## What is RPG Sheet?
RPG Sheet is a web-based tool for managing character sheets for role-playing games.

### Why use RPG Sheet over a form-fillable PDF or other tools?
I decided to make RPG Sheet, after DM'ing a game online. Sending PDF's back and forth with players ended up being a major headache. One PDF reader would format things one way, another reader would change font sizes, and there was no easy way to version control, to see changes. I wanted something that could easily be shared or tweaked without needing to open a PDF. All while still looking like an actual character sheet and be printable.

This tool is unique because it stores your sheet data in a text file as JSON. It is easily sharable, storable, portable, hackable, and should display the same on other people's machines.

RPG Sheet itself is also easy to modify. It is static HTML/CSS/JavaScript and images, including the sheets. You can modify or create your own sheet modules. It requires no special server configuration; just drop it into a web-server and go.

### What is the fine print?
- Probably only works in Chrome
- Not really "responsive"
- Might be prone to breakage
